docs/commands/canvas_files_list.md, before:

---
title: canvas files list
---

## canvas files list

List files

### Synopsis

List files in a course, folder, or user's files.

You must specify one of --course-id, --folder-id, or --user-id.

Examples:

```bash
canvas files list --course-id 123
canvas files list --folder-id 456
canvas files list --user-id 789
canvas files list --course-id 123 --search "assignment"
canvas files list --course-id 123 --sort name --order asc
```

```
canvas files list [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --content-types strings   Filter by MIME types (comma-separated)
      --course-id int           Course ID
      --folder-id int           Folder ID
  -h, --help                    help for list
      --include strings         Additional data to include (comma-separated)
      --order string            Order direction (asc, desc)
      --search string           Search by file name
      --sort string             Sort by (name, size, created_at, updated_at, content_type)
      --user-id int             User ID
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas files](canvas_files.md)	 - Manage Canvas files

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 14-Jan-2026

Commit message:

feat: add --dry-run flag for curl command output (#21)
Add global --dry-run and --show-token flags that print equivalent curl
commands instead of executing HTTP requests. Useful for debugging,
learning the Canvas API, and building scripts.

Features:
- Print curl command with proper headers and body
- Token redacted by default, use --show-token to reveal
- Supports masquerading (includes as_user_id param)
- Multi-line format with backslash continuation
- Shell-safe single quote escaping

Also updates documentation with dry-run examples in user guide
and scripting tutorial.

docs/commands/canvas_files_list.md, after:

---
title: canvas files list
---

## canvas files list

List files

### Synopsis

List files in a course, folder, or user's files.

You must specify one of --course-id, --folder-id, or --user-id.

Examples:

```bash
canvas files list --course-id 123
canvas files list --folder-id 456
canvas files list --user-id 789
canvas files list --course-id 123 --search "assignment"
canvas files list --course-id 123 --sort name --order asc
```

```
canvas files list [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --content-types strings   Filter by MIME types (comma-separated)
      --course-id int           Course ID
      --folder-id int           Folder ID
  -h, --help                    help for list
      --include strings         Additional data to include (comma-separated)
      --order string            Order direction (asc, desc)
      --search string           Search by file name
      --sort string             Sort by (name, size, created_at, updated_at, content_type)
      --user-id int             User ID
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas files](canvas_files.md)	 - Manage Canvas files

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026
