docs/commands/canvas_pages.md, before:

---
title: canvas pages
---

## canvas pages

Manage Canvas wiki pages

### Synopsis

Manage Canvas wiki pages including listing, viewing, creating, and updating pages.

Pages are rich content associated with Courses in Canvas. They can be used
for course information, resources, or any other content.

Examples:

```bash
canvas pages list --course-id 123
canvas pages get --course-id 123 my-page-url
canvas pages create --course-id 123 --title "Welcome" --body "<p>Hello!</p>"
canvas pages front --course-id 123
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for pages
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas](canvas.md)	 - Canvas LMS CLI - Interact with Canvas from the command line
* [canvas pages create](canvas_pages_create.md)	 - Create a new page
* [canvas pages delete](canvas_pages_delete.md)	 - Delete a page
* [canvas pages duplicate](canvas_pages_duplicate.md)	 - Duplicate a page
* [canvas pages front](canvas_pages_front.md)	 - Get the front page
* [canvas pages get](canvas_pages_get.md)	 - Get a specific page
* [canvas pages list](canvas_pages_list.md)	 - List pages in a course
* [canvas pages revert](canvas_pages_revert.md)	 - Revert to a specific revision
* [canvas pages revisions](canvas_pages_revisions.md)	 - List page revisions
* [canvas pages update](canvas_pages_update.md)	 - Update an existing page

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 14-Jan-2026

Commit message:

feat: add --dry-run flag for curl command output (#21)
Add global --dry-run and --show-token flags that print equivalent curl
commands instead of executing HTTP requests. Useful for debugging,
learning the Canvas API, and building scripts.

Features:
- Print curl command with proper headers and body
- Token redacted by default, use --show-token to reveal
- Supports masquerading (includes as_user_id param)
- Multi-line format with backslash continuation
- Shell-safe single quote escaping

Also updates documentation with dry-run examples in user guide
and scripting tutorial.

docs/commands/canvas_pages.md, after:

---
title: canvas pages
---

## canvas pages

Manage Canvas wiki pages

### Synopsis

Manage Canvas wiki pages including listing, viewing, creating, and updating pages.

Pages are rich content associated with Courses in Canvas. They can be used
for course information, resources, or any other content.

Examples:

```bash
canvas pages list --course-id 123
canvas pages get --course-id 123 my-page-url
canvas pages create --course-id 123 --title "Welcome" --body "<p>Hello!</p>"
canvas pages front --course-id 123
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for pages
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas](canvas.md)	 - Canvas LMS CLI - Interact with Canvas from the command line
* [canvas pages create](canvas_pages_create.md)	 - Create a new page
* [canvas pages delete](canvas_pages_delete.md)	 - Delete a page
* [canvas pages duplicate](canvas_pages_duplicate.md)	 - Duplicate a page
* [canvas pages front](canvas_pages_front.md)	 - Get the front page
* [canvas pages get](canvas_pages_get.md)	 - Get a specific page
* [canvas pages list](canvas_pages_list.md)	 - List pages in a course
* [canvas pages revert](canvas_pages_revert.md)	 - Revert to a specific revision
* [canvas pages revisions](canvas_pages_revisions.md)	 - List page revisions
* [canvas pages update](canvas_pages_update.md)	 - Update an existing page

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026
