docs/commands/canvas_submissions_bulk-grade.md, before:

---
title: canvas submissions bulk-grade
---

## canvas submissions bulk-grade

Grade multiple submissions from CSV

### Synopsis

Grade multiple submissions at once by importing grades from a CSV file.

The CSV file should have the following format:
  user_id,assignment_id,score,comment

Example CSV:
  123,456,95,"Excellent work"
  124,456,87,"Good job"
  125,456,92,"Great effort"

Examples:

```bash
canvas submissions bulk-grade --course-id 123 --csv grades.csv
canvas submissions bulk-grade --course-id 123 --csv grades.csv --dry-run
```

```
canvas submissions bulk-grade [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --course-id int   Course ID (required)
      --csv string      CSV file with grades (required)
      --dry-run         Preview changes without applying them
  -h, --help            help for bulk-grade
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas submissions](canvas_submissions.md)	 - Manage Canvas submissions

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 14-Jan-2026

Commit message:

feat: add --dry-run flag for curl command output (#21)
Add global --dry-run and --show-token flags that print equivalent curl
commands instead of executing HTTP requests. Useful for debugging,
learning the Canvas API, and building scripts.

Features:
- Print curl command with proper headers and body
- Token redacted by default, use --show-token to reveal
- Supports masquerading (includes as_user_id param)
- Multi-line format with backslash continuation
- Shell-safe single quote escaping

Also updates documentation with dry-run examples in user guide
and scripting tutorial.

docs/commands/canvas_submissions_bulk-grade.md, after:

---
title: canvas submissions bulk-grade
---

## canvas submissions bulk-grade

Grade multiple submissions from CSV

### Synopsis

Grade multiple submissions at once by importing grades from a CSV file.

The CSV file should have the following format:
  user_id,assignment_id,score,comment

Example CSV:
  123,456,95,"Excellent work"
  124,456,87,"Good job"
  125,456,92,"Great effort"

Examples:

```bash
canvas submissions bulk-grade --course-id 123 --csv grades.csv
canvas submissions bulk-grade --course-id 123 --csv grades.csv --dry-run
```

```
canvas submissions bulk-grade [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --course-id int   Course ID (required)
      --csv string      CSV file with grades (required)
      --dry-run         Preview changes without applying them
  -h, --help            help for bulk-grade
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas submissions](canvas_submissions.md)	 - Manage Canvas submissions

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026
