docs/commands/canvas_users_create.md, before:

---
title: canvas users create
---

## canvas users create

Create a new user (admin)

### Synopsis

Create a new user in a Canvas account. Requires admin privileges.

You can provide user data via flags or JSON file/stdin.

Examples:

```bash
# Using flags
canvas users create --account-id 1 --name "John Doe" --email "john@example.com"
canvas users create --account-id 1 --name "Jane" --login-id "jane123" --password "secret"

# Using JSON file
canvas users create --account-id 1 --json user.json

# Using stdin
```

  echo '{"name":"John Doe","email":"john@example.com"}' | canvas users create --account-id 1 --stdin

```
canvas users create [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --account-id int         Account ID (required)
      --email string           User's email address
  -h, --help                   help for create
      --json string            JSON file with user data
      --locale string          User's locale (e.g., 'en')
      --login-id string        Login ID (unique identifier)
      --name string            User's full name
      --password string        User's password
      --short-name string      User's display name
      --sis-user-id string     SIS User ID
      --skip-confirmation      Skip email confirmation
      --skip-registration      Skip registration email
      --sortable-name string   User's sortable name (e.g., 'Doe, John')
      --stdin                  Read JSON from stdin
      --timezone string        User's timezone
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas users](canvas_users.md)	 - Manage Canvas users

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 14-Jan-2026

Commit message:

feat: add --dry-run flag for curl command output (#21)
Add global --dry-run and --show-token flags that print equivalent curl
commands instead of executing HTTP requests. Useful for debugging,
learning the Canvas API, and building scripts.

Features:
- Print curl command with proper headers and body
- Token redacted by default, use --show-token to reveal
- Supports masquerading (includes as_user_id param)
- Multi-line format with backslash continuation
- Shell-safe single quote escaping

Also updates documentation with dry-run examples in user guide
and scripting tutorial.

docs/commands/canvas_users_create.md, after:

---
title: canvas users create
---

## canvas users create

Create a new user (admin)

### Synopsis

Create a new user in a Canvas account. Requires admin privileges.

You can provide user data via flags or JSON file/stdin.

Examples:

```bash
# Using flags
canvas users create --account-id 1 --name "John Doe" --email "john@example.com"
canvas users create --account-id 1 --name "Jane" --login-id "jane123" --password "secret"

# Using JSON file
canvas users create --account-id 1 --json user.json

# Using stdin
```

  echo '{"name":"John Doe","email":"john@example.com"}' | canvas users create --account-id 1 --stdin

```
canvas users create [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --account-id int         Account ID (required)
      --email string           User's email address
  -h, --help                   help for create
      --json string            JSON file with user data
      --locale string          User's locale (e.g., 'en')
      --login-id string        Login ID (unique identifier)
      --name string            User's full name
      --password string        User's password
      --short-name string      User's display name
      --sis-user-id string     SIS User ID
      --skip-confirmation      Skip email confirmation
      --skip-registration      Skip registration email
      --sortable-name string   User's sortable name (e.g., 'Doe, John')
      --stdin                  Read JSON from stdin
      --timezone string        User's timezone
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas users](canvas_users.md)	 - Manage Canvas users

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026
