docs/commands/canvas_courses_list.md, before:

---
title: canvas courses list
---

## canvas courses list

List courses

### Synopsis

List courses for the authenticated user or for an account (admin).

By default, lists courses you are enrolled in. Use --account-id to list all courses
in an account (requires admin permissions).

User context (default):
  canvas courses list                    # Your enrolled courses
  canvas courses list --enrollment-type teacher

Account context (admin):
  canvas courses list --account-id 1        # All courses in account 1
  canvas courses list --account-id 1 --search "Biology"
  canvas courses list --account-id 1 --sort course_name --order asc

Examples:

```bash
canvas courses list
canvas courses list --enrollment-type student
canvas courses list --enrollment-state active
canvas courses list --state available
canvas courses list --include syllabus_body,term
canvas courses list --account-id 1 --search "2024"
```

```
canvas courses list [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --account-id int            Account ID to list courses from (admin mode)
      --enrollment-state string   Filter by enrollment state (active, invited_or_pending, completed)
      --enrollment-type string    Filter by enrollment type (student, teacher, ta, observer, designer)
  -h, --help                      help for list
      --include strings           Additional data to include (comma-separated)
      --order string              Sort order: asc, desc (account context only)
      --search string             Search by course name or code (account context only)
      --sort string               Sort by: course_name, sis_course_id, teacher, account_name (account context only)
      --state strings             Filter by course state (comma-separated: available, completed, unpublished, deleted)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas courses](canvas_courses.md)	 - Manage Canvas courses

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 14-Jan-2026

Commit message:

feat: add --dry-run flag for curl command output (#21)
Add global --dry-run and --show-token flags that print equivalent curl
commands instead of executing HTTP requests. Useful for debugging,
learning the Canvas API, and building scripts.

Features:
- Print curl command with proper headers and body
- Token redacted by default, use --show-token to reveal
- Supports masquerading (includes as_user_id param)
- Multi-line format with backslash continuation
- Shell-safe single quote escaping

Also updates documentation with dry-run examples in user guide
and scripting tutorial.

docs/commands/canvas_courses_list.md, after:

---
title: canvas courses list
---

## canvas courses list

List courses

### Synopsis

List courses for the authenticated user or for an account (admin).

By default, lists courses you are enrolled in. Use --account-id to list all courses
in an account (requires admin permissions).

User context (default):
  canvas courses list                    # Your enrolled courses
  canvas courses list --enrollment-type teacher

Account context (admin):
  canvas courses list --account-id 1        # All courses in account 1
  canvas courses list --account-id 1 --search "Biology"
  canvas courses list --account-id 1 --sort course_name --order asc

Examples:

```bash
canvas courses list
canvas courses list --enrollment-type student
canvas courses list --enrollment-state active
canvas courses list --state available
canvas courses list --include syllabus_body,term
canvas courses list --account-id 1 --search "2024"
```

```
canvas courses list [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --account-id int            Account ID to list courses from (admin mode)
      --enrollment-state string   Filter by enrollment state (active, invited_or_pending, completed)
      --enrollment-type string    Filter by enrollment type (student, teacher, ta, observer, designer)
  -h, --help                      help for list
      --include strings           Additional data to include (comma-separated)
      --order string              Sort order: asc, desc (account context only)
      --search string             Search by course name or code (account context only)
      --sort string               Sort by: course_name, sis_course_id, teacher, account_name (account context only)
      --state strings             Filter by course state (comma-separated: available, completed, unpublished, deleted)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas courses](canvas_courses.md)	 - Manage Canvas courses

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026
