docs/commands/canvas_modules_items.md, before:

---
title: canvas modules items
---

## canvas modules items

Manage module items

### Synopsis

Manage items within a module.

Module items can be of various types: File, Page, Discussion, Assignment,
Quiz, SubHeader, ExternalUrl, or ExternalTool.

Examples:

```bash
canvas modules items list --course-id 123 --module-id 456
canvas modules items get --course-id 123 --module-id 456 789
canvas modules items create --course-id 123 --module-id 456 --type Assignment --content-id 999
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for items
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas modules](canvas_modules.md)	 - Manage Canvas course modules
* [canvas modules items create](canvas_modules_items_create.md)	 - Create a new module item
* [canvas modules items delete](canvas_modules_items_delete.md)	 - Delete a module item
* [canvas modules items done](canvas_modules_items_done.md)	 - Mark a module item as done
* [canvas modules items get](canvas_modules_items_get.md)	 - Get details of a module item
* [canvas modules items list](canvas_modules_items_list.md)	 - List items in a module
* [canvas modules items update](canvas_modules_items_update.md)	 - Update a module item

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 14-Jan-2026

Commit message:

feat: add --dry-run flag for curl command output (#21)
Add global --dry-run and --show-token flags that print equivalent curl
commands instead of executing HTTP requests. Useful for debugging,
learning the Canvas API, and building scripts.

Features:
- Print curl command with proper headers and body
- Token redacted by default, use --show-token to reveal
- Supports masquerading (includes as_user_id param)
- Multi-line format with backslash continuation
- Shell-safe single quote escaping

Also updates documentation with dry-run examples in user guide
and scripting tutorial.

docs/commands/canvas_modules_items.md, after:

---
title: canvas modules items
---

## canvas modules items

Manage module items

### Synopsis

Manage items within a module.

Module items can be of various types: File, Page, Discussion, Assignment,
Quiz, SubHeader, ExternalUrl, or ExternalTool.

Examples:

```bash
canvas modules items list --course-id 123 --module-id 456
canvas modules items get --course-id 123 --module-id 456 789
canvas modules items create --course-id 123 --module-id 456 --type Assignment --content-id 999
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for items
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas modules](canvas_modules.md)	 - Manage Canvas course modules
* [canvas modules items create](canvas_modules_items_create.md)	 - Create a new module item
* [canvas modules items delete](canvas_modules_items_delete.md)	 - Delete a module item
* [canvas modules items done](canvas_modules_items_done.md)	 - Mark a module item as done
* [canvas modules items get](canvas_modules_items_get.md)	 - Get details of a module item
* [canvas modules items list](canvas_modules_items_list.md)	 - List items in a module
* [canvas modules items update](canvas_modules_items_update.md)	 - Update a module item

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026
