docs/commands/canvas_assignments_create.md, before:

---
title: canvas assignments create
---

## canvas assignments create

Create a new assignment

### Synopsis

Create a new assignment in a Canvas course.

You can provide assignment data via flags or JSON file/stdin.

Examples:

```bash
# Using flags
canvas assignments create --course-id 123 --name "Quiz 1" --points 100
canvas assignments create --course-id 123 --name "Essay" --points 50 --due-at "2025-02-01T23:59:00Z"

# Using JSON file
canvas assignments create --course-id 123 --json assignment.json

# Using stdin
```

  echo '{"name":"Quiz 1","points_possible":100}' | canvas assignments create --course-id 123 --stdin

```
canvas assignments create [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --course-id int              Course ID (required)
      --description string         Assignment description (HTML)
      --due-at string              Due date (ISO8601 format)
      --grading-type string        Grading type (points, pass_fail, percent, letter_grade, gpa_scale, not_graded)
      --group-id int               Assignment group ID
  -h, --help                       help for create
      --json string                JSON file with assignment data
      --lock-at string             Lock date (ISO8601 format)
      --name string                Assignment name
      --points float               Points possible
      --position int               Position in the assignment group
      --published                  Publish the assignment
      --stdin                      Read JSON from stdin
      --submission-types strings   Submission types (online_text_entry, online_url, online_upload, media_recording, none)
      --unlock-at string           Unlock date (ISO8601 format)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas assignments](canvas_assignments.md)	 - Manage Canvas assignments

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 14-Jan-2026

Commit message:

feat: add --dry-run flag for curl command output (#21)
Add global --dry-run and --show-token flags that print equivalent curl
commands instead of executing HTTP requests. Useful for debugging,
learning the Canvas API, and building scripts.

Features:
- Print curl command with proper headers and body
- Token redacted by default, use --show-token to reveal
- Supports masquerading (includes as_user_id param)
- Multi-line format with backslash continuation
- Shell-safe single quote escaping

Also updates documentation with dry-run examples in user guide
and scripting tutorial.

docs/commands/canvas_assignments_create.md, after:

---
title: canvas assignments create
---

## canvas assignments create

Create a new assignment

### Synopsis

Create a new assignment in a Canvas course.

You can provide assignment data via flags or JSON file/stdin.

Examples:

```bash
# Using flags
canvas assignments create --course-id 123 --name "Quiz 1" --points 100
canvas assignments create --course-id 123 --name "Essay" --points 50 --due-at "2025-02-01T23:59:00Z"

# Using JSON file
canvas assignments create --course-id 123 --json assignment.json

# Using stdin
```

  echo '{"name":"Quiz 1","points_possible":100}' | canvas assignments create --course-id 123 --stdin

```
canvas assignments create [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --course-id int              Course ID (required)
      --description string         Assignment description (HTML)
      --due-at string              Due date (ISO8601 format)
      --grading-type string        Grading type (points, pass_fail, percent, letter_grade, gpa_scale, not_graded)
      --group-id int               Assignment group ID
  -h, --help                       help for create
      --json string                JSON file with assignment data
      --lock-at string             Lock date (ISO8601 format)
      --name string                Assignment name
      --points float               Points possible
      --position int               Position in the assignment group
      --published                  Publish the assignment
      --stdin                      Read JSON from stdin
      --submission-types strings   Submission types (online_text_entry, online_url, online_upload, media_recording, none)
      --unlock-at string           Unlock date (ISO8601 format)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas assignments](canvas_assignments.md)	 - Manage Canvas assignments

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026
