docs/commands/canvas_admins_remove.md, before:

---
title: canvas admins remove
---

## canvas admins remove

Remove an administrator from an account

### Synopsis

Remove a user's administrator privileges from the specified account.

Examples:

```bash
canvas admins remove --account-id 1 --user-id 123
canvas admins remove --account-id 1 --user-id 123 --role-id 456
```

```
canvas admins remove [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --account-id int   Account ID (required)
  -h, --help             help for remove
      --role-id int      Role ID (optional, removes specific role)
      --user-id int      User ID to remove (required)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas admins](canvas_admins.md)	 - Manage account administrators

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026

Commit message:

docs: add documentation for v1.7.0 features
- Add user guide for command aliases (docs/user-guide/aliases.md)
- Add user guide for context management (docs/user-guide/context.md)
- Add output filtering section to output-formats.md
- Update changelog with v1.7.0 features (unreleased)
- Regenerate command reference docs for new alias/context commands
- Update mkdocs.yml navigation with new pages
- Update user-guide index with new feature cards

docs/commands/canvas_admins_remove.md, after:

---
title: canvas admins remove
---

## canvas admins remove

Remove an administrator from an account

### Synopsis

Remove a user's administrator privileges from the specified account.

Examples:

```bash
canvas admins remove --account-id 1 --user-id 123
canvas admins remove --account-id 1 --user-id 123 --role-id 456
```

```
canvas admins remove [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --account-id int   Account ID (required)
  -h, --help             help for remove
      --role-id int      Role ID (optional, removes specific role)
      --user-id int      User ID to remove (required)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --columns strings   Select specific columns to display (comma-separated)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --filter string     Filter results by text (case-insensitive substring match)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
      --sort string       Sort results by field (prefix with - for descending, e.g., -name)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas admins](canvas_admins.md)	 - Manage account administrators

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 25-Jan-2026
