docs/commands/canvas_modules_items_create.md, before:

---
title: canvas modules items create
---

## canvas modules items create

Create a new module item

### Synopsis

Create a new item in a module.

Item types:
  - File: Requires --content-id
  - Page: Requires --page-url
  - Discussion: Requires --content-id
  - Assignment: Requires --content-id
  - Quiz: Requires --content-id
  - SubHeader: Only requires --title
  - ExternalUrl: Requires --external-url
  - ExternalTool: Requires --content-id or --external-url

Completion requirement types:
  - must_view: Applies to all item types
  - must_contribute: Discussion, Assignment, Page
  - must_submit: Assignment, Quiz
  - must_mark_done: Assignment, Page
  - min_score: Assignment, Quiz (requires --min-score)

Examples:

```bash
canvas modules items create --course-id 123 --module-id 456 --type Assignment --content-id 999
canvas modules items create --course-id 123 --module-id 456 --type Page --page-url "intro-page"
canvas modules items create --course-id 123 --module-id 456 --type SubHeader --title "Unit 1"
canvas modules items create --course-id 123 --module-id 456 --type ExternalUrl --external-url "https://example.com" --title "Resource"
canvas modules items create --course-id 123 --module-id 456 --type Assignment --content-id 999 --completion-type min_score --min-score 80
```

```
canvas modules items create [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --completion-type string   Completion requirement: must_view, must_contribute, must_submit, must_mark_done, min_score
      --content-id int           Content ID (for File, Discussion, Assignment, Quiz, ExternalTool)
      --course-id int            Course ID (required)
      --external-url string      External URL (for ExternalUrl, ExternalTool)
  -h, --help                     help for create
      --indent int               Indent level (0-based)
      --min-score float          Minimum score for min_score completion type
      --module-id int            Module ID (required)
      --new-tab                  Open in new tab (for ExternalTool)
      --page-url string          Page URL slug (for Page type)
      --position int             Position in the module
      --title string             Item title
      --type string              Item type: File, Page, Discussion, Assignment, Quiz, SubHeader, ExternalUrl, ExternalTool (required)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas modules items](canvas_modules_items.md)	 - Manage module items

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 14-Jan-2026

Commit message:

feat: add --dry-run flag for curl command output
Add global --dry-run and --show-token flags that print equivalent curl
commands instead of executing HTTP requests. Useful for debugging,
learning the Canvas API, and building scripts.

Features:
- Print curl command with proper headers and body
- Token redacted by default, use --show-token to reveal
- Supports masquerading (includes as_user_id param)
- Multi-line format with backslash continuation
- Shell-safe single quote escaping

Also updates documentation with dry-run examples in user guide
and scripting tutorial.

docs/commands/canvas_modules_items_create.md, after:

---
title: canvas modules items create
---

## canvas modules items create

Create a new module item

### Synopsis

Create a new item in a module.

Item types:
  - File: Requires --content-id
  - Page: Requires --page-url
  - Discussion: Requires --content-id
  - Assignment: Requires --content-id
  - Quiz: Requires --content-id
  - SubHeader: Only requires --title
  - ExternalUrl: Requires --external-url
  - ExternalTool: Requires --content-id or --external-url

Completion requirement types:
  - must_view: Applies to all item types
  - must_contribute: Discussion, Assignment, Page
  - must_submit: Assignment, Quiz
  - must_mark_done: Assignment, Page
  - min_score: Assignment, Quiz (requires --min-score)

Examples:

```bash
canvas modules items create --course-id 123 --module-id 456 --type Assignment --content-id 999
canvas modules items create --course-id 123 --module-id 456 --type Page --page-url "intro-page"
canvas modules items create --course-id 123 --module-id 456 --type SubHeader --title "Unit 1"
canvas modules items create --course-id 123 --module-id 456 --type ExternalUrl --external-url "https://example.com" --title "Resource"
canvas modules items create --course-id 123 --module-id 456 --type Assignment --content-id 999 --completion-type min_score --min-score 80
```

```
canvas modules items create [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --completion-type string   Completion requirement: must_view, must_contribute, must_submit, must_mark_done, min_score
      --content-id int           Content ID (for File, Discussion, Assignment, Quiz, ExternalTool)
      --course-id int            Course ID (required)
      --external-url string      External URL (for ExternalUrl, ExternalTool)
  -h, --help                     help for create
      --indent int               Indent level (0-based)
      --min-score float          Minimum score for min_score completion type
      --module-id int            Module ID (required)
      --new-tab                  Open in new tab (for ExternalTool)
      --page-url string          Page URL slug (for Page type)
      --title string             Item title
      --type string              Item type: File, Page, Discussion, Assignment, Quiz, SubHeader, ExternalUrl, ExternalTool (required)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas modules items](canvas_modules_items.md)	 - Manage module items

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026
