docs/commands/canvas_analytics_students.md, before:

---
title: canvas analytics students
---

## canvas analytics students

View student summary analytics

### Synopsis

View student engagement and grade summaries for a course.

Sort columns: name, name_descending, score, score_descending,
              participations, participations_descending,
              page_views, page_views_descending

Examples:

```bash
canvas analytics students --course-id 123
canvas analytics students --course-id 123 --sort score_descending
```

```
canvas analytics students [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --course-id int   Course ID (required)
  -h, --help            help for students
      --sort string     Sort column (name, score, participations, page_views)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas analytics](canvas_analytics.md)	 - View Canvas analytics

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 14-Jan-2026

Commit message:

feat: add --dry-run flag for curl command output
Add global --dry-run and --show-token flags that print equivalent curl
commands instead of executing HTTP requests. Useful for debugging,
learning the Canvas API, and building scripts.

Features:
- Print curl command with proper headers and body
- Token redacted by default, use --show-token to reveal
- Supports masquerading (includes as_user_id param)
- Multi-line format with backslash continuation
- Shell-safe single quote escaping

Also updates documentation with dry-run examples in user guide
and scripting tutorial.

docs/commands/canvas_analytics_students.md, after:

---
title: canvas analytics students
---

## canvas analytics students

View student summary analytics

### Synopsis

View student engagement and grade summaries for a course.

Sort columns: name, name_descending, score, score_descending,
              participations, participations_descending,
              page_views, page_views_descending

Examples:

```bash
canvas analytics students --course-id 123
canvas analytics students --course-id 123 --sort score_descending
```

```
canvas analytics students [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --course-id int   Course ID (required)
  -h, --help            help for students
      --sort string     Sort column (name, score, participations, page_views)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas analytics](canvas_analytics.md)	 - View Canvas analytics

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026
