docs/commands/canvas_assignments_update.md, before:

---
title: canvas assignments update
---

## canvas assignments update

Update an existing assignment

### Synopsis

Update an existing assignment in a Canvas course.

You can provide assignment data via flags or JSON file/stdin.
Only specified fields will be updated.

Examples:

```bash
# Using flags
canvas assignments update --course-id 123 456 --name "Updated Quiz"
canvas assignments update --course-id 123 456 --points 150 --due-at "2025-02-15T23:59:00Z"

# Using JSON file
canvas assignments update --course-id 123 456 --json updates.json

# Using stdin
```

  echo '{"points_possible":200}' | canvas assignments update --course-id 123 456 --stdin

```
canvas assignments update <assignment-id> [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --course-id int              Course ID (required)
      --description string         Assignment description (HTML)
      --due-at string              Due date (ISO8601 format)
      --grading-type string        Grading type (points, pass_fail, percent, letter_grade, gpa_scale, not_graded)
      --group-id int               Assignment group ID
  -h, --help                       help for update
      --json string                JSON file with assignment data
      --lock-at string             Lock date (ISO8601 format)
      --name string                Assignment name
      --points float               Points possible
      --position int               Position in the assignment group
      --published                  Publish the assignment
      --stdin                      Read JSON from stdin
      --submission-types strings   Submission types
      --unlock-at string           Unlock date (ISO8601 format)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas assignments](canvas_assignments.md)	 - Manage Canvas assignments

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026

Commit message:

docs: add documentation for v1.7.0 features
- Add user guide for command aliases (docs/user-guide/aliases.md)
- Add user guide for context management (docs/user-guide/context.md)
- Add output filtering section to output-formats.md
- Update changelog with v1.7.0 features (unreleased)
- Regenerate command reference docs for new alias/context commands
- Update mkdocs.yml navigation with new pages
- Update user-guide index with new feature cards

docs/commands/canvas_assignments_update.md, after:

---
title: canvas assignments update
---

## canvas assignments update

Update an existing assignment

### Synopsis

Update an existing assignment in a Canvas course.

You can provide assignment data via flags or JSON file/stdin.
Only specified fields will be updated.

Examples:

```bash
# Using flags
canvas assignments update --course-id 123 456 --name "Updated Quiz"
canvas assignments update --course-id 123 456 --points 150 --due-at "2025-02-15T23:59:00Z"

# Using JSON file
canvas assignments update --course-id 123 456 --json updates.json

# Using stdin
```

  echo '{"points_possible":200}' | canvas assignments update --course-id 123 456 --stdin

```
canvas assignments update <assignment-id> [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --course-id int              Course ID (required)
      --description string         Assignment description (HTML)
      --due-at string              Due date (ISO8601 format)
      --grading-type string        Grading type (points, pass_fail, percent, letter_grade, gpa_scale, not_graded)
      --group-id int               Assignment group ID
  -h, --help                       help for update
      --json string                JSON file with assignment data
      --lock-at string             Lock date (ISO8601 format)
      --name string                Assignment name
      --points float               Points possible
      --position int               Position in the assignment group
      --published                  Publish the assignment
      --stdin                      Read JSON from stdin
      --submission-types strings   Submission types
      --unlock-at string           Unlock date (ISO8601 format)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --columns strings   Select specific columns to display (comma-separated)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --filter string     Filter results by text (case-insensitive substring match)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
      --sort string       Sort results by field (prefix with - for descending, e.g., -name)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas assignments](canvas_assignments.md)	 - Manage Canvas assignments

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 25-Jan-2026
