docs/commands/canvas_outcomes_create.md, before:

---
title: canvas outcomes create
---

## canvas outcomes create

Create a new outcome

### Synopsis

Create a new learning outcome in an outcome group.

Outcomes must be created within an outcome group. Use --group-id to specify
the target group, which can be the root group or any subgroup.

Calculation methods:
  - decaying_average: Weighted average favoring recent scores
  - n_mastery: Latest N scores must meet mastery threshold
  - latest: Only the most recent score counts
  - highest: Use the highest score achieved

Examples:

```bash
canvas outcomes create --course-id 123 --group-id 456 --title "Problem Solving"
canvas outcomes create --account-id 1 --group-id 789 --title "Critical Thinking" --mastery-points 4
canvas outcomes create --course-id 123 --group-id 456 --title "Writing" --calculation-method decaying_average --calculation-int 65
```

```
canvas outcomes create [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --account-id int              Account ID
      --calculation-int int         Calculation parameter
      --calculation-method string   Calculation method (decaying_average, n_mastery, latest, highest)
      --course-id int               Course ID
      --description string          Description
      --display-name string         Display name
      --group-id int                Outcome group ID (required)
  -h, --help                        help for create
      --mastery-points float        Points for mastery
      --title string                Outcome title (required)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas outcomes](canvas_outcomes.md)	 - Manage Canvas learning outcomes

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 14-Jan-2026

Commit message:

feat: add --dry-run flag for curl command output (#21)
Add global --dry-run and --show-token flags that print equivalent curl
commands instead of executing HTTP requests. Useful for debugging,
learning the Canvas API, and building scripts.

Features:
- Print curl command with proper headers and body
- Token redacted by default, use --show-token to reveal
- Supports masquerading (includes as_user_id param)
- Multi-line format with backslash continuation
- Shell-safe single quote escaping

Also updates documentation with dry-run examples in user guide
and scripting tutorial.

docs/commands/canvas_outcomes_create.md, after:

---
title: canvas outcomes create
---

## canvas outcomes create

Create a new outcome

### Synopsis

Create a new learning outcome in an outcome group.

Outcomes must be created within an outcome group. Use --group-id to specify
the target group, which can be the root group or any subgroup.

Calculation methods:
  - decaying_average: Weighted average favoring recent scores
  - n_mastery: Latest N scores must meet mastery threshold
  - latest: Only the most recent score counts
  - highest: Use the highest score achieved

Examples:

```bash
canvas outcomes create --course-id 123 --group-id 456 --title "Problem Solving"
canvas outcomes create --account-id 1 --group-id 789 --title "Critical Thinking" --mastery-points 4
canvas outcomes create --course-id 123 --group-id 456 --title "Writing" --calculation-method decaying_average --calculation-int 65
```

```
canvas outcomes create [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --account-id int              Account ID
      --calculation-int int         Calculation parameter
      --calculation-method string   Calculation method (decaying_average, n_mastery, latest, highest)
      --course-id int               Course ID
      --description string          Description
      --display-name string         Display name
      --group-id int                Outcome group ID (required)
  -h, --help                        help for create
      --mastery-points float        Points for mastery
      --title string                Outcome title (required)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas outcomes](canvas_outcomes.md)	 - Manage Canvas learning outcomes

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026
