docs/commands/canvas_blueprint_migrations.md, before:

---
title: canvas blueprint migrations
---

## canvas blueprint migrations

Manage blueprint migrations

### Synopsis

Manage blueprint sync migrations.

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for migrations
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas blueprint](canvas_blueprint.md)	 - Manage blueprint courses
* [canvas blueprint migrations get](canvas_blueprint_migrations_get.md)	 - Get migration details
* [canvas blueprint migrations list](canvas_blueprint_migrations_list.md)	 - List migrations

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026

Commit message:

docs: add documentation for v1.7.0 features
- Add user guide for command aliases (docs/user-guide/aliases.md)
- Add user guide for context management (docs/user-guide/context.md)
- Add output filtering section to output-formats.md
- Update changelog with v1.7.0 features (unreleased)
- Regenerate command reference docs for new alias/context commands
- Update mkdocs.yml navigation with new pages
- Update user-guide index with new feature cards

docs/commands/canvas_blueprint_migrations.md, after:

---
title: canvas blueprint migrations
---

## canvas blueprint migrations

Manage blueprint migrations

### Synopsis

Manage blueprint sync migrations.

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for migrations
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --columns strings   Select specific columns to display (comma-separated)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --filter string     Filter results by text (case-insensitive substring match)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
      --sort string       Sort results by field (prefix with - for descending, e.g., -name)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas blueprint](canvas_blueprint.md)	 - Manage blueprint courses
* [canvas blueprint migrations get](canvas_blueprint_migrations_get.md)	 - Get migration details
* [canvas blueprint migrations list](canvas_blueprint_migrations_list.md)	 - List migrations

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 25-Jan-2026
