docs/commands/canvas_modules_relock.md, before:

---
title: canvas modules relock
---

## canvas modules relock

Re-lock module progressions

### Synopsis

Re-lock module progressions to their default locked state.

This recalculates progressions based on current requirements. Adding progression
requirements to an active course will not lock students out of modules they have
already unlocked unless this action is called.

Examples:

```bash
canvas modules relock --course-id 123 456
```

```
canvas modules relock <module-id> [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --course-id int   Course ID (required)
  -h, --help            help for relock
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas modules](canvas_modules.md)	 - Manage Canvas course modules

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 14-Jan-2026

Commit message:

feat: add --dry-run flag for curl command output
Add global --dry-run and --show-token flags that print equivalent curl
commands instead of executing HTTP requests. Useful for debugging,
learning the Canvas API, and building scripts.

Features:
- Print curl command with proper headers and body
- Token redacted by default, use --show-token to reveal
- Supports masquerading (includes as_user_id param)
- Multi-line format with backslash continuation
- Shell-safe single quote escaping

Also updates documentation with dry-run examples in user guide
and scripting tutorial.

docs/commands/canvas_modules_relock.md, after:

---
title: canvas modules relock
---

## canvas modules relock

Re-lock module progressions

### Synopsis

Re-lock module progressions to their default locked state.

This recalculates progressions based on current requirements. Adding progression
requirements to an active course will not lock students out of modules they have
already unlocked unless this action is called.

Examples:

```bash
canvas modules relock --course-id 123 456
```

```
canvas modules relock <module-id> [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --course-id int   Course ID (required)
  -h, --help            help for relock
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas modules](canvas_modules.md)	 - Manage Canvas course modules

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026
