docs/commands/canvas_content-migrations_create.md, before:

---
title: canvas content-migrations create
---

## canvas content-migrations create

Create a content migration

### Synopsis

Create a new content migration.

Migration types:
  - course_copy_importer: Copy content from another course
  - common_cartridge_importer: Import Common Cartridge file
  - zip_file_importer: Import ZIP file
  - canvas_cartridge_importer: Import Canvas export file
  - qti_importer: Import QTI quiz file

Examples:

```bash
canvas content-migrations create --course-id 1 --type course_copy_importer --source-course-id 100
canvas content-migrations create --course-id 1 --type common_cartridge_importer --file export.imscc
```

```
canvas content-migrations create [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --copy-options string    JSON with copy options
      --course-id int          Course ID (required)
      --date-shift string      JSON with date shift options
      --file string            Export file to import
      --file-url string        URL to export file
      --folder-id int          Target folder ID
  -h, --help                   help for create
      --selective              Enable selective import
      --source-course-id int   Source course ID (for course_copy_importer)
      --type string            Migration type (required)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas content-migrations](canvas_content-migrations.md)	 - Manage content migrations

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 14-Jan-2026

Commit message:

feat: add --dry-run flag for curl command output (#21)
Add global --dry-run and --show-token flags that print equivalent curl
commands instead of executing HTTP requests. Useful for debugging,
learning the Canvas API, and building scripts.

Features:
- Print curl command with proper headers and body
- Token redacted by default, use --show-token to reveal
- Supports masquerading (includes as_user_id param)
- Multi-line format with backslash continuation
- Shell-safe single quote escaping

Also updates documentation with dry-run examples in user guide
and scripting tutorial.

docs/commands/canvas_content-migrations_create.md, after:

---
title: canvas content-migrations create
---

## canvas content-migrations create

Create a content migration

### Synopsis

Create a new content migration.

Migration types:
  - course_copy_importer: Copy content from another course
  - common_cartridge_importer: Import Common Cartridge file
  - zip_file_importer: Import ZIP file
  - canvas_cartridge_importer: Import Canvas export file
  - qti_importer: Import QTI quiz file

Examples:

```bash
canvas content-migrations create --course-id 1 --type course_copy_importer --source-course-id 100
canvas content-migrations create --course-id 1 --type common_cartridge_importer --file export.imscc
```

```
canvas content-migrations create [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --copy-options string    JSON with copy options
      --course-id int          Course ID (required)
      --date-shift string      JSON with date shift options
      --file string            Export file to import
      --file-url string        URL to export file
      --folder-id int          Target folder ID
  -h, --help                   help for create
      --selective              Enable selective import
      --source-course-id int   Source course ID (for course_copy_importer)
      --type string            Migration type (required)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas content-migrations](canvas_content-migrations.md)	 - Manage content migrations

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026
