docs/commands/canvas_conversations.md, before:

---
title: canvas conversations
---

## canvas conversations

Manage Canvas conversations (inbox)

### Synopsis

Manage Canvas conversations and messages.

Conversations are Canvas's internal messaging system for communication
between users within courses and the institution.

Examples:

```bash
canvas conversations list
canvas conversations list --scope unread
canvas conversations get 123
canvas conversations create --recipients 456,789 --subject "Hello" --body "Message content"
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for conversations
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas](canvas.md)	 - Canvas LMS CLI - Interact with Canvas from the command line
* [canvas conversations add-recipients](canvas_conversations_add-recipients.md)	 - Add recipients to a conversation
* [canvas conversations archive](canvas_conversations_archive.md)	 - Archive a conversation
* [canvas conversations create](canvas_conversations_create.md)	 - Create a new conversation
* [canvas conversations delete](canvas_conversations_delete.md)	 - Delete a conversation
* [canvas conversations get](canvas_conversations_get.md)	 - Get conversation details
* [canvas conversations list](canvas_conversations_list.md)	 - List conversations
* [canvas conversations mark-all-read](canvas_conversations_mark-all-read.md)	 - Mark all conversations as read
* [canvas conversations mark-read](canvas_conversations_mark-read.md)	 - Mark a conversation as read
* [canvas conversations reply](canvas_conversations_reply.md)	 - Reply to a conversation
* [canvas conversations star](canvas_conversations_star.md)	 - Star a conversation
* [canvas conversations unarchive](canvas_conversations_unarchive.md)	 - Unarchive a conversation
* [canvas conversations unread-count](canvas_conversations_unread-count.md)	 - Get unread conversation count
* [canvas conversations unstar](canvas_conversations_unstar.md)	 - Unstar a conversation

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026

Commit message:

docs: add documentation for v1.7.0 features
- Add user guide for command aliases (docs/user-guide/aliases.md)
- Add user guide for context management (docs/user-guide/context.md)
- Add output filtering section to output-formats.md
- Update changelog with v1.7.0 features (unreleased)
- Regenerate command reference docs for new alias/context commands
- Update mkdocs.yml navigation with new pages
- Update user-guide index with new feature cards

docs/commands/canvas_conversations.md, after:

---
title: canvas conversations
---

## canvas conversations

Manage Canvas conversations (inbox)

### Synopsis

Manage Canvas conversations and messages.

Conversations are Canvas's internal messaging system for communication
between users within courses and the institution.

Examples:

```bash
canvas conversations list
canvas conversations list --scope unread
canvas conversations get 123
canvas conversations create --recipients 456,789 --subject "Hello" --body "Message content"
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for conversations
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --columns strings   Select specific columns to display (comma-separated)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --filter string     Filter results by text (case-insensitive substring match)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
      --sort string       Sort results by field (prefix with - for descending, e.g., -name)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas](canvas.md)	 - Canvas LMS CLI - Interact with Canvas from the command line
* [canvas conversations add-recipients](canvas_conversations_add-recipients.md)	 - Add recipients to a conversation
* [canvas conversations archive](canvas_conversations_archive.md)	 - Archive a conversation
* [canvas conversations create](canvas_conversations_create.md)	 - Create a new conversation
* [canvas conversations delete](canvas_conversations_delete.md)	 - Delete a conversation
* [canvas conversations get](canvas_conversations_get.md)	 - Get conversation details
* [canvas conversations list](canvas_conversations_list.md)	 - List conversations
* [canvas conversations mark-all-read](canvas_conversations_mark-all-read.md)	 - Mark all conversations as read
* [canvas conversations mark-read](canvas_conversations_mark-read.md)	 - Mark a conversation as read
* [canvas conversations reply](canvas_conversations_reply.md)	 - Reply to a conversation
* [canvas conversations star](canvas_conversations_star.md)	 - Star a conversation
* [canvas conversations unarchive](canvas_conversations_unarchive.md)	 - Unarchive a conversation
* [canvas conversations unread-count](canvas_conversations_unread-count.md)	 - Get unread conversation count
* [canvas conversations unstar](canvas_conversations_unstar.md)	 - Unstar a conversation

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 25-Jan-2026
