docs/commands/canvas_repl.md, before:

---
title: canvas repl
---

## canvas repl

Start interactive REPL mode

### Synopsis

Start an interactive Read-Eval-Print Loop (REPL) for Canvas CLI.

The REPL provides an interactive shell where you can execute Canvas commands
without typing the 'canvas' prefix. It maintains session state and command
history throughout the session.

Special REPL commands:
  history           - Show command history
  clear             - Clear the screen
  session           - Show current session state
  session set <k> <v> - Set a session variable
  session get <k>   - Get a session variable
  session clear     - Clear session state
  exit/quit         - Exit the REPL

Examples:

```bash
# Start the REPL
canvas repl

# In the REPL:
```

  canvas> courses list
  canvas> session set course_id 12345
  canvas> assignments list --course-id 12345
  canvas> history
  canvas> exit

```
canvas repl [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for repl
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas](canvas.md)	 - Canvas LMS CLI - Interact with Canvas from the command line

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 14-Jan-2026

Commit message:

feat: add --dry-run flag for curl command output
Add global --dry-run and --show-token flags that print equivalent curl
commands instead of executing HTTP requests. Useful for debugging,
learning the Canvas API, and building scripts.

Features:
- Print curl command with proper headers and body
- Token redacted by default, use --show-token to reveal
- Supports masquerading (includes as_user_id param)
- Multi-line format with backslash continuation
- Shell-safe single quote escaping

Also updates documentation with dry-run examples in user guide
and scripting tutorial.

docs/commands/canvas_repl.md, after:

---
title: canvas repl
---

## canvas repl

Start interactive REPL mode

### Synopsis

Start an interactive Read-Eval-Print Loop (REPL) for Canvas CLI.

The REPL provides an interactive shell where you can execute Canvas commands
without typing the 'canvas' prefix. It maintains session state and command
history throughout the session.

Special REPL commands:
  history           - Show command history
  clear             - Clear the screen
  session           - Show current session state
  session set <k> <v> - Set a session variable
  session get <k>   - Get a session variable
  session clear     - Clear session state
  exit/quit         - Exit the REPL

Examples:

```bash
# Start the REPL
canvas repl

# In the REPL:
```

  canvas> courses list
  canvas> session set course_id 12345
  canvas> assignments list --course-id 12345
  canvas> history
  canvas> exit

```
canvas repl [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for repl
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas](canvas.md)	 - Canvas LMS CLI - Interact with Canvas from the command line

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026
