docs/commands/canvas_sis-imports_list.md, before:

---
title: canvas sis-imports list
---

## canvas sis-imports list

List SIS imports

### Synopsis

List SIS imports for an account.

If --account-id is not specified, uses the default account ID from config.

Workflow states: initializing, created, importing, cleanup_batch,
                 imported, imported_with_messages, aborted,
                 failed, failed_with_messages, restoring, partially_restored

Examples:

```bash
canvas sis-imports list                              # Uses default account
canvas sis-imports list --account-id 1
canvas sis-imports list --workflow-state imported
```

```
canvas sis-imports list [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --account-id int          Account ID (uses default if configured)
      --created-before string   Filter imports created before date (ISO8601)
      --created-since string    Filter imports created since date (ISO8601)
  -h, --help                    help for list
      --workflow-state string   Filter by workflow state
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas sis-imports](canvas_sis-imports.md)	 - Manage SIS imports

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026

Commit message:

docs: add documentation for v1.7.0 features
- Add user guide for command aliases (docs/user-guide/aliases.md)
- Add user guide for context management (docs/user-guide/context.md)
- Add output filtering section to output-formats.md
- Update changelog with v1.7.0 features (unreleased)
- Regenerate command reference docs for new alias/context commands
- Update mkdocs.yml navigation with new pages
- Update user-guide index with new feature cards

docs/commands/canvas_sis-imports_list.md, after:

---
title: canvas sis-imports list
---

## canvas sis-imports list

List SIS imports

### Synopsis

List SIS imports for an account.

If --account-id is not specified, uses the default account ID from config.

Workflow states: initializing, created, importing, cleanup_batch,
                 imported, imported_with_messages, aborted,
                 failed, failed_with_messages, restoring, partially_restored

Examples:

```bash
canvas sis-imports list                              # Uses default account
canvas sis-imports list --account-id 1
canvas sis-imports list --workflow-state imported
```

```
canvas sis-imports list [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --account-id int          Account ID (uses default if configured)
      --created-before string   Filter imports created before date (ISO8601)
      --created-since string    Filter imports created since date (ISO8601)
  -h, --help                    help for list
      --workflow-state string   Filter by workflow state
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --columns strings   Select specific columns to display (comma-separated)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --filter string     Filter results by text (case-insensitive substring match)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
      --sort string       Sort results by field (prefix with - for descending, e.g., -name)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas sis-imports](canvas_sis-imports.md)	 - Manage SIS imports

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 25-Jan-2026
