docs/commands/canvas_webhook_listen.md, before:

---
title: canvas webhook listen
---

## canvas webhook listen

Start webhook listener server

### Synopsis

Start a webhook listener server to receive Canvas events.

The server listens on the specified address and processes incoming
webhook events. It supports two verification methods:

1. JWT verification (Canvas Data Services):
   Use --canvas-data-services or --jwks-url to verify JWT-signed payloads
   from Canvas Data Services. JWKs are fetched from Canvas and cached.

2. HMAC verification (custom integrations):
   Use --secret to verify HMAC-SHA256 signatures for custom webhooks.

Endpoints:
  POST /webhook - Receive webhook events
  GET  /health  - Health check endpoint

Examples:

```bash
# Canvas Data Services mode (recommended for production)
canvas webhook listen --canvas-data-services --log

# Custom JWK endpoint
canvas webhook listen --jwks-url https://your-jwks.com/jwks

# HMAC signature verification
canvas webhook listen --secret my-secret --log

# Both modes (fallback)
canvas webhook listen --canvas-data-services --secret backup-secret

# Listen for specific events
canvas webhook listen --events grade_change,submission_created
```

```
canvas webhook listen [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --addr string            Server address to listen on (default ":8080")
      --canvas-data-services   Use Canvas Data Services JWK URL for JWT verification
      --events strings         Event types to handle (comma-separated)
  -h, --help                   help for listen
      --jwks-url string        JWK Set URL for JWT verification
      --log                    Enable request logging
      --secret string          Webhook secret for HMAC verification
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas webhook](canvas_webhook.md)	 - Manage Canvas webhook listeners

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026

Commit message:

docs: add documentation for v1.7.0 features
- Add user guide for command aliases (docs/user-guide/aliases.md)
- Add user guide for context management (docs/user-guide/context.md)
- Add output filtering section to output-formats.md
- Update changelog with v1.7.0 features (unreleased)
- Regenerate command reference docs for new alias/context commands
- Update mkdocs.yml navigation with new pages
- Update user-guide index with new feature cards

docs/commands/canvas_webhook_listen.md, after:

---
title: canvas webhook listen
---

## canvas webhook listen

Start webhook listener server

### Synopsis

Start a webhook listener server to receive Canvas events.

The server listens on the specified address and processes incoming
webhook events. It supports two verification methods:

1. JWT verification (Canvas Data Services):
   Use --canvas-data-services or --jwks-url to verify JWT-signed payloads
   from Canvas Data Services. JWKs are fetched from Canvas and cached.

2. HMAC verification (custom integrations):
   Use --secret to verify HMAC-SHA256 signatures for custom webhooks.

Endpoints:
  POST /webhook - Receive webhook events
  GET  /health  - Health check endpoint

Examples:

```bash
# Canvas Data Services mode (recommended for production)
canvas webhook listen --canvas-data-services --log

# Custom JWK endpoint
canvas webhook listen --jwks-url https://your-jwks.com/jwks

# HMAC signature verification
canvas webhook listen --secret my-secret --log

# Both modes (fallback)
canvas webhook listen --canvas-data-services --secret backup-secret

# Listen for specific events
canvas webhook listen --events grade_change,submission_created
```

```
canvas webhook listen [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --addr string            Server address to listen on (default ":8080")
      --canvas-data-services   Use Canvas Data Services JWK URL for JWT verification
      --events strings         Event types to handle (comma-separated)
  -h, --help                   help for listen
      --jwks-url string        JWK Set URL for JWT verification
      --log                    Enable request logging
      --secret string          Webhook secret for HMAC verification
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --columns strings   Select specific columns to display (comma-separated)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --filter string     Filter results by text (case-insensitive substring match)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
      --sort string       Sort results by field (prefix with - for descending, e.g., -name)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas webhook](canvas_webhook.md)	 - Manage Canvas webhook listeners

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 25-Jan-2026
