docs/commands/canvas_auth_login.md, before:

---
title: canvas auth login
---

## canvas auth login

Authenticate with a Canvas instance

### Synopsis

Authenticate with a Canvas instance using OAuth 2.0 with PKCE.

The login command starts an OAuth flow to authenticate with Canvas.
By default, it will try to open a local callback server. If that fails,
it will fall back to out-of-band (manual copy-paste) mode.

If --instance is provided and the instance exists in your config, the URL
and OAuth credentials will be loaded automatically. You can override them
with flags.

Examples:

```bash
# Login using a configured instance (recommended)
canvas auth login --instance prod

# Login with URL (creates new instance)
canvas auth login https://canvas.instructure.com

# Login with custom OAuth credentials
canvas auth login --instance prod --client-id YOUR_ID --client-secret YOUR_SECRET

# Force out-of-band mode (for headless systems)
canvas auth login --instance prod --mode oob
```

```
canvas auth login [instance-url] [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --client-id string       OAuth client ID
      --client-secret string   OAuth client secret
  -h, --help                   help for login
      --instance string        Instance name (defaults to hostname)
      --mode string            OAuth mode: auto, local, oob (default "auto")
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int     Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string   config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --no-cache        Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string   Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
  -v, --verbose         Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas auth](canvas_auth.md)	 - Manage authentication with Canvas

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 14-Jan-2026

Commit message:

feat: add --dry-run flag for curl command output (#21)
Add global --dry-run and --show-token flags that print equivalent curl
commands instead of executing HTTP requests. Useful for debugging,
learning the Canvas API, and building scripts.

Features:
- Print curl command with proper headers and body
- Token redacted by default, use --show-token to reveal
- Supports masquerading (includes as_user_id param)
- Multi-line format with backslash continuation
- Shell-safe single quote escaping

Also updates documentation with dry-run examples in user guide
and scripting tutorial.

docs/commands/canvas_auth_login.md, after:

---
title: canvas auth login
---

## canvas auth login

Authenticate with a Canvas instance

### Synopsis

Authenticate with a Canvas instance using OAuth 2.0 with PKCE.

The login command starts an OAuth flow to authenticate with Canvas.
By default, it will try to open a local callback server. If that fails,
it will fall back to out-of-band (manual copy-paste) mode.

If --instance is provided and the instance exists in your config, the URL
and OAuth credentials will be loaded automatically. You can override them
with flags.

Examples:

```bash
# Login using a configured instance (recommended)
canvas auth login --instance prod

# Login with URL (creates new instance)
canvas auth login https://canvas.instructure.com

# Login with custom OAuth credentials
canvas auth login --instance prod --client-id YOUR_ID --client-secret YOUR_SECRET

# Force out-of-band mode (for headless systems)
canvas auth login --instance prod --mode oob
```

```
canvas auth login [instance-url] [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --client-id string       OAuth client ID
      --client-secret string   OAuth client secret
  -h, --help                   help for login
      --instance string        Instance name (defaults to hostname)
      --mode string            OAuth mode: auto, local, oob (default "auto")
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int     Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string   config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run         Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --limit int       Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache        Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string   Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token      Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose         Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas auth](canvas_auth.md)	 - Manage authentication with Canvas

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026
