docs/commands/canvas_peer-reviews_delete.md, before:

---
title: canvas peer-reviews delete
---

## canvas peer-reviews delete

Delete a peer review

### Synopsis

Remove a peer review assignment.

Examples:

```bash
canvas peer-reviews delete --course-id 1 --assignment-id 10 --submission-id 500 --user-id 300
```

```
canvas peer-reviews delete [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --assignment-id int   Assignment ID (required)
      --course-id int       Course ID (required)
      --force               Skip confirmation
  -h, --help                help for delete
      --submission-id int   Submission ID (required)
      --user-id int         Reviewer user ID (required)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas peer-reviews](canvas_peer-reviews.md)	 - Manage peer reviews

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026

Commit message:

docs: add documentation for v1.7.0 features
- Add user guide for command aliases (docs/user-guide/aliases.md)
- Add user guide for context management (docs/user-guide/context.md)
- Add output filtering section to output-formats.md
- Update changelog with v1.7.0 features (unreleased)
- Regenerate command reference docs for new alias/context commands
- Update mkdocs.yml navigation with new pages
- Update user-guide index with new feature cards

docs/commands/canvas_peer-reviews_delete.md, after:

---
title: canvas peer-reviews delete
---

## canvas peer-reviews delete

Delete a peer review

### Synopsis

Remove a peer review assignment.

Examples:

```bash
canvas peer-reviews delete --course-id 1 --assignment-id 10 --submission-id 500 --user-id 300
```

```
canvas peer-reviews delete [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --assignment-id int   Assignment ID (required)
      --course-id int       Course ID (required)
      --force               Skip confirmation
  -h, --help                help for delete
      --submission-id int   Submission ID (required)
      --user-id int         Reviewer user ID (required)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --columns strings   Select specific columns to display (comma-separated)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --filter string     Filter results by text (case-insensitive substring match)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
      --sort string       Sort results by field (prefix with - for descending, e.g., -name)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas peer-reviews](canvas_peer-reviews.md)	 - Manage peer reviews

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 25-Jan-2026
