docs/commands/canvas_conversations_create.md, before:

---
title: canvas conversations create
---

## canvas conversations create

Create a new conversation

### Synopsis

Create a new conversation with one or more recipients.

Examples:

```bash
canvas conversations create --recipients 123,456 --subject "Hello" --body "Message text"
canvas conversations create --recipients 123 --body "Quick message"
canvas conversations create --recipients course_123 --subject "Announcement" --body "Message" --group
```

```
canvas conversations create [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --attachment-ids int64Slice   Attachment IDs (default [])
      --body string                 Message body (required)
      --context-code string         Context code (e.g., course_123)
      --force-new                   Force new conversation
      --group                       Send as group message
  -h, --help                        help for create
      --media-comment-id string     Media comment ID
      --recipients string           Recipient IDs (comma-separated, required)
      --subject string              Subject line
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas conversations](canvas_conversations.md)	 - Manage Canvas conversations (inbox)

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 14-Jan-2026

Commit message:

feat: add --dry-run flag for curl command output (#21)
Add global --dry-run and --show-token flags that print equivalent curl
commands instead of executing HTTP requests. Useful for debugging,
learning the Canvas API, and building scripts.

Features:
- Print curl command with proper headers and body
- Token redacted by default, use --show-token to reveal
- Supports masquerading (includes as_user_id param)
- Multi-line format with backslash continuation
- Shell-safe single quote escaping

Also updates documentation with dry-run examples in user guide
and scripting tutorial.

docs/commands/canvas_conversations_create.md, after:

---
title: canvas conversations create
---

## canvas conversations create

Create a new conversation

### Synopsis

Create a new conversation with one or more recipients.

Examples:

```bash
canvas conversations create --recipients 123,456 --subject "Hello" --body "Message text"
canvas conversations create --recipients 123 --body "Quick message"
canvas conversations create --recipients course_123 --subject "Announcement" --body "Message" --group
```

```
canvas conversations create [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --attachment-ids int64Slice   Attachment IDs (default [])
      --body string                 Message body (required)
      --context-code string         Context code (e.g., course_123)
      --force-new                   Force new conversation
      --group                       Send as group message
  -h, --help                        help for create
      --media-comment-id string     Media comment ID
      --recipients string           Recipient IDs (comma-separated, required)
      --subject string              Subject line
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas conversations](canvas_conversations.md)	 - Manage Canvas conversations (inbox)

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026
