docs/commands/canvas_config.md, before:

---
title: canvas config
---

## canvas config

Manage Canvas CLI configuration

### Synopsis

Manage Canvas CLI configuration including Canvas instances and settings.

Examples:

```bash
canvas config list                              # List all configured instances
canvas config add prod --url https://canvas.example.com
canvas config use prod                          # Switch to prod instance
canvas config show                              # Show current configuration
canvas config remove staging                    # Remove an instance
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for config
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas](canvas.md)	 - Canvas LMS CLI - Interact with Canvas from the command line
* [canvas config account](canvas_config_account.md)	 - Set the default account ID for an instance
* [canvas config add](canvas_config_add.md)	 - Add a new Canvas instance
* [canvas config list](canvas_config_list.md)	 - List all configured Canvas instances
* [canvas config remove](canvas_config_remove.md)	 - Remove a Canvas instance from configuration
* [canvas config show](canvas_config_show.md)	 - Show current configuration details
* [canvas config use](canvas_config_use.md)	 - Switch to a different Canvas instance

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026

Commit message:

docs: add documentation for v1.7.0 features
- Add user guide for command aliases (docs/user-guide/aliases.md)
- Add user guide for context management (docs/user-guide/context.md)
- Add output filtering section to output-formats.md
- Update changelog with v1.7.0 features (unreleased)
- Regenerate command reference docs for new alias/context commands
- Update mkdocs.yml navigation with new pages
- Update user-guide index with new feature cards

docs/commands/canvas_config.md, after:

---
title: canvas config
---

## canvas config

Manage Canvas CLI configuration

### Synopsis

Manage Canvas CLI configuration including Canvas instances and settings.

Examples:

```bash
canvas config list                              # List all configured instances
canvas config add prod --url https://canvas.example.com
canvas config use prod                          # Switch to prod instance
canvas config show                              # Show current configuration
canvas config remove staging                    # Remove an instance
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for config
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --columns strings   Select specific columns to display (comma-separated)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --filter string     Filter results by text (case-insensitive substring match)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
      --sort string       Sort results by field (prefix with - for descending, e.g., -name)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas](canvas.md)	 - Canvas LMS CLI - Interact with Canvas from the command line
* [canvas config account](canvas_config_account.md)	 - Set the default account ID for an instance
* [canvas config add](canvas_config_add.md)	 - Add a new Canvas instance
* [canvas config list](canvas_config_list.md)	 - List all configured Canvas instances
* [canvas config remove](canvas_config_remove.md)	 - Remove a Canvas instance from configuration
* [canvas config show](canvas_config_show.md)	 - Show current configuration details
* [canvas config use](canvas_config_use.md)	 - Switch to a different Canvas instance

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 25-Jan-2026
