docs/commands/canvas_files_upload.md, before:

---
title: canvas files upload
---

## canvas files upload

Upload a file

### Synopsis

Upload a file to a course, folder, or user's files.

You must specify one of --course-id, --folder-id, or --user-id.

Examples:

```bash
canvas files upload document.pdf --course-id 123
canvas files upload image.png --folder-id 456
canvas files upload data.csv --user-id 789
canvas files upload file.pdf --course-id 123 --on-duplicate overwrite
```

```
canvas files upload <file-path> [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --course-id int         Course ID
      --folder-id int         Folder ID
  -h, --help                  help for upload
      --hidden                Hide from students
      --locked                Lock the file
      --on-duplicate string   How to handle duplicates (overwrite, rename) (default "rename")
      --parent-folder int     Parent folder ID
      --user-id int           User ID
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas files](canvas_files.md)	 - Manage Canvas files

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 14-Jan-2026

Commit message:

feat: add --dry-run flag for curl command output (#21)
Add global --dry-run and --show-token flags that print equivalent curl
commands instead of executing HTTP requests. Useful for debugging,
learning the Canvas API, and building scripts.

Features:
- Print curl command with proper headers and body
- Token redacted by default, use --show-token to reveal
- Supports masquerading (includes as_user_id param)
- Multi-line format with backslash continuation
- Shell-safe single quote escaping

Also updates documentation with dry-run examples in user guide
and scripting tutorial.

docs/commands/canvas_files_upload.md, after:

---
title: canvas files upload
---

## canvas files upload

Upload a file

### Synopsis

Upload a file to a course, folder, or user's files.

You must specify one of --course-id, --folder-id, or --user-id.

Examples:

```bash
canvas files upload document.pdf --course-id 123
canvas files upload image.png --folder-id 456
canvas files upload data.csv --user-id 789
canvas files upload file.pdf --course-id 123 --on-duplicate overwrite
```

```
canvas files upload <file-path> [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --course-id int         Course ID
      --folder-id int         Folder ID
  -h, --help                  help for upload
      --hidden                Hide from students
      --locked                Lock the file
      --on-duplicate string   How to handle duplicates (overwrite, rename) (default "rename")
      --parent-folder int     Parent folder ID
      --user-id int           User ID
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas files](canvas_files.md)	 - Manage Canvas files

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026
