docs/commands/canvas_discussions.md, before:

---
title: canvas discussions
---

## canvas discussions

Manage Canvas discussion topics

### Synopsis

Manage Canvas discussion topics including listing, viewing, creating, and updating discussions.

Discussion topics are threaded conversations associated with Courses in Canvas.
They can be used for class discussions, Q&A, and collaborative learning.

Examples:

```bash
canvas discussions list --course-id 123
canvas discussions get --course-id 123 456
canvas discussions create --course-id 123 --title "Week 1 Discussion"
canvas discussions entries --course-id 123 456
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for discussions
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas](canvas.md)	 - Canvas LMS CLI - Interact with Canvas from the command line
* [canvas discussions create](canvas_discussions_create.md)	 - Create a new discussion topic
* [canvas discussions delete](canvas_discussions_delete.md)	 - Delete a discussion topic
* [canvas discussions entries](canvas_discussions_entries.md)	 - List entries in a discussion
* [canvas discussions get](canvas_discussions_get.md)	 - Get a specific discussion topic
* [canvas discussions list](canvas_discussions_list.md)	 - List discussion topics in a course
* [canvas discussions post](canvas_discussions_post.md)	 - Post a new entry to a discussion
* [canvas discussions reply](canvas_discussions_reply.md)	 - Reply to an entry in a discussion
* [canvas discussions subscribe](canvas_discussions_subscribe.md)	 - Subscribe to a discussion topic
* [canvas discussions unsubscribe](canvas_discussions_unsubscribe.md)	 - Unsubscribe from a discussion topic
* [canvas discussions update](canvas_discussions_update.md)	 - Update an existing discussion topic

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 14-Jan-2026

Commit message:

feat: add --dry-run flag for curl command output (#21)
Add global --dry-run and --show-token flags that print equivalent curl
commands instead of executing HTTP requests. Useful for debugging,
learning the Canvas API, and building scripts.

Features:
- Print curl command with proper headers and body
- Token redacted by default, use --show-token to reveal
- Supports masquerading (includes as_user_id param)
- Multi-line format with backslash continuation
- Shell-safe single quote escaping

Also updates documentation with dry-run examples in user guide
and scripting tutorial.

docs/commands/canvas_discussions.md, after:

---
title: canvas discussions
---

## canvas discussions

Manage Canvas discussion topics

### Synopsis

Manage Canvas discussion topics including listing, viewing, creating, and updating discussions.

Discussion topics are threaded conversations associated with Courses in Canvas.
They can be used for class discussions, Q&A, and collaborative learning.

Examples:

```bash
canvas discussions list --course-id 123
canvas discussions get --course-id 123 456
canvas discussions create --course-id 123 --title "Week 1 Discussion"
canvas discussions entries --course-id 123 456
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for discussions
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas](canvas.md)	 - Canvas LMS CLI - Interact with Canvas from the command line
* [canvas discussions create](canvas_discussions_create.md)	 - Create a new discussion topic
* [canvas discussions delete](canvas_discussions_delete.md)	 - Delete a discussion topic
* [canvas discussions entries](canvas_discussions_entries.md)	 - List entries in a discussion
* [canvas discussions get](canvas_discussions_get.md)	 - Get a specific discussion topic
* [canvas discussions list](canvas_discussions_list.md)	 - List discussion topics in a course
* [canvas discussions post](canvas_discussions_post.md)	 - Post a new entry to a discussion
* [canvas discussions reply](canvas_discussions_reply.md)	 - Reply to an entry in a discussion
* [canvas discussions subscribe](canvas_discussions_subscribe.md)	 - Subscribe to a discussion topic
* [canvas discussions unsubscribe](canvas_discussions_unsubscribe.md)	 - Unsubscribe from a discussion topic
* [canvas discussions update](canvas_discussions_update.md)	 - Update an existing discussion topic

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026
