docs/commands/canvas_calendar.md, before:

---
title: canvas calendar
---

## canvas calendar

Manage Canvas calendar events

### Synopsis

Manage Canvas calendar events including listing, viewing, creating, and updating events.

Calendar events can be associated with courses, groups, users, or accounts.
Use context codes to specify which calendars to query.

Examples:

```bash
canvas calendar list --course-id 123
canvas calendar list --start-date 2024-01-01 --end-date 2024-12-31
canvas calendar get 456
canvas calendar create --course-id 123 --title "Team Meeting"
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for calendar
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas](canvas.md)	 - Canvas LMS CLI - Interact with Canvas from the command line
* [canvas calendar create](canvas_calendar_create.md)	 - Create a new calendar event
* [canvas calendar delete](canvas_calendar_delete.md)	 - Delete a calendar event
* [canvas calendar get](canvas_calendar_get.md)	 - Get a specific calendar event
* [canvas calendar list](canvas_calendar_list.md)	 - List calendar events
* [canvas calendar reserve](canvas_calendar_reserve.md)	 - Reserve a time slot
* [canvas calendar update](canvas_calendar_update.md)	 - Update an existing calendar event

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026

Commit message:

docs: add documentation for v1.7.0 features
- Add user guide for command aliases (docs/user-guide/aliases.md)
- Add user guide for context management (docs/user-guide/context.md)
- Add output filtering section to output-formats.md
- Update changelog with v1.7.0 features (unreleased)
- Regenerate command reference docs for new alias/context commands
- Update mkdocs.yml navigation with new pages
- Update user-guide index with new feature cards

docs/commands/canvas_calendar.md, after:

---
title: canvas calendar
---

## canvas calendar

Manage Canvas calendar events

### Synopsis

Manage Canvas calendar events including listing, viewing, creating, and updating events.

Calendar events can be associated with courses, groups, users, or accounts.
Use context codes to specify which calendars to query.

Examples:

```bash
canvas calendar list --course-id 123
canvas calendar list --start-date 2024-01-01 --end-date 2024-12-31
canvas calendar get 456
canvas calendar create --course-id 123 --title "Team Meeting"
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for calendar
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --columns strings   Select specific columns to display (comma-separated)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --filter string     Filter results by text (case-insensitive substring match)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
      --sort string       Sort results by field (prefix with - for descending, e.g., -name)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas](canvas.md)	 - Canvas LMS CLI - Interact with Canvas from the command line
* [canvas calendar create](canvas_calendar_create.md)	 - Create a new calendar event
* [canvas calendar delete](canvas_calendar_delete.md)	 - Delete a calendar event
* [canvas calendar get](canvas_calendar_get.md)	 - Get a specific calendar event
* [canvas calendar list](canvas_calendar_list.md)	 - List calendar events
* [canvas calendar reserve](canvas_calendar_reserve.md)	 - Reserve a time slot
* [canvas calendar update](canvas_calendar_update.md)	 - Update an existing calendar event

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 25-Jan-2026
