docs/commands/canvas_telemetry.md, before:

---
title: canvas telemetry
---

## canvas telemetry

Manage telemetry settings

### Synopsis

Manage opt-in telemetry settings for Canvas CLI.

Telemetry helps improve Canvas CLI by collecting anonymous usage data
including command execution, errors, and performance metrics. No personal
information or Canvas data is ever collected.

Data collected:
  - Command usage (which commands are run)
  - Error rates and types
  - Performance metrics (command duration)
  - OS and architecture
  - Canvas CLI version

Data NOT collected:
  - Canvas credentials or tokens
  - Course content or user data
  - Personal information
  - File contents or names

All telemetry data is stored locally and never automatically transmitted.

Examples:

```bash
# Enable telemetry
canvas telemetry enable

# Disable telemetry
canvas telemetry disable

# Check telemetry status
canvas telemetry status

# View collected data
canvas telemetry show

# Clear telemetry data
canvas telemetry clear
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for telemetry
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas](canvas.md)	 - Canvas LMS CLI - Interact with Canvas from the command line
* [canvas telemetry clear](canvas_telemetry_clear.md)	 - Clear all telemetry data
* [canvas telemetry disable](canvas_telemetry_disable.md)	 - Disable telemetry collection
* [canvas telemetry enable](canvas_telemetry_enable.md)	 - Enable telemetry collection
* [canvas telemetry show](canvas_telemetry_show.md)	 - Show collected telemetry data
* [canvas telemetry status](canvas_telemetry_status.md)	 - Show telemetry status

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026

Commit message:

docs: add documentation for v1.7.0 features
- Add user guide for command aliases (docs/user-guide/aliases.md)
- Add user guide for context management (docs/user-guide/context.md)
- Add output filtering section to output-formats.md
- Update changelog with v1.7.0 features (unreleased)
- Regenerate command reference docs for new alias/context commands
- Update mkdocs.yml navigation with new pages
- Update user-guide index with new feature cards

docs/commands/canvas_telemetry.md, after:

---
title: canvas telemetry
---

## canvas telemetry

Manage telemetry settings

### Synopsis

Manage opt-in telemetry settings for Canvas CLI.

Telemetry helps improve Canvas CLI by collecting anonymous usage data
including command execution, errors, and performance metrics. No personal
information or Canvas data is ever collected.

Data collected:
  - Command usage (which commands are run)
  - Error rates and types
  - Performance metrics (command duration)
  - OS and architecture
  - Canvas CLI version

Data NOT collected:
  - Canvas credentials or tokens
  - Course content or user data
  - Personal information
  - File contents or names

All telemetry data is stored locally and never automatically transmitted.

Examples:

```bash
# Enable telemetry
canvas telemetry enable

# Disable telemetry
canvas telemetry disable

# Check telemetry status
canvas telemetry status

# View collected data
canvas telemetry show

# Clear telemetry data
canvas telemetry clear
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for telemetry
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --columns strings   Select specific columns to display (comma-separated)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --filter string     Filter results by text (case-insensitive substring match)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
      --sort string       Sort results by field (prefix with - for descending, e.g., -name)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas](canvas.md)	 - Canvas LMS CLI - Interact with Canvas from the command line
* [canvas telemetry clear](canvas_telemetry_clear.md)	 - Clear all telemetry data
* [canvas telemetry disable](canvas_telemetry_disable.md)	 - Disable telemetry collection
* [canvas telemetry enable](canvas_telemetry_enable.md)	 - Enable telemetry collection
* [canvas telemetry show](canvas_telemetry_show.md)	 - Show collected telemetry data
* [canvas telemetry status](canvas_telemetry_status.md)	 - Show telemetry status

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 25-Jan-2026
