docs/commands/canvas_pages_create.md, before:

---
title: canvas pages create
---

## canvas pages create

Create a new page

### Synopsis

Create a new wiki page in a course.

Examples:

```bash
canvas pages create --course-id 123 --title "Welcome"
canvas pages create --course-id 123 --title "Syllabus" --body "<p>Course syllabus</p>"
canvas pages create --course-id 123 --title "Home" --front-page --published
```

```
canvas pages create [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --body string            Page body (HTML)
      --course-id int          Course ID (required)
      --editing-roles string   Roles that can edit: teachers,students,members,public
      --front-page             Set as front page
  -h, --help                   help for create
      --notify                 Notify participants of update
      --publish-at string      Schedule publication date (ISO 8601)
      --published              Publish the page
      --title string           Page title (required)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas pages](canvas_pages.md)	 - Manage Canvas wiki pages

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 14-Jan-2026

Commit message:

feat: add --dry-run flag for curl command output (#21)
Add global --dry-run and --show-token flags that print equivalent curl
commands instead of executing HTTP requests. Useful for debugging,
learning the Canvas API, and building scripts.

Features:
- Print curl command with proper headers and body
- Token redacted by default, use --show-token to reveal
- Supports masquerading (includes as_user_id param)
- Multi-line format with backslash continuation
- Shell-safe single quote escaping

Also updates documentation with dry-run examples in user guide
and scripting tutorial.

docs/commands/canvas_pages_create.md, after:

---
title: canvas pages create
---

## canvas pages create

Create a new page

### Synopsis

Create a new wiki page in a course.

Examples:

```bash
canvas pages create --course-id 123 --title "Welcome"
canvas pages create --course-id 123 --title "Syllabus" --body "<p>Course syllabus</p>"
canvas pages create --course-id 123 --title "Home" --front-page --published
```

```
canvas pages create [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --body string            Page body (HTML)
      --course-id int          Course ID (required)
      --editing-roles string   Roles that can edit: teachers,students,members,public
      --front-page             Set as front page
  -h, --help                   help for create
      --notify                 Notify participants of update
      --publish-at string      Schedule publication date (ISO 8601)
      --published              Publish the page
      --title string           Page title (required)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas pages](canvas_pages.md)	 - Manage Canvas wiki pages

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026
