docs/commands/canvas_quizzes_create.md, before:

---
title: canvas quizzes create
---

## canvas quizzes create

Create a new quiz

### Synopsis

Create a new quiz in a course.

Examples:

```bash
canvas quizzes create --course-id 123 --title "Midterm Exam" --quiz-type assignment
canvas quizzes create --course-id 123 --title "Practice Quiz" --quiz-type practice_quiz --time-limit 30
canvas quizzes create --course-id 123 --title "Survey" --quiz-type survey --anonymous
```

```
canvas quizzes create [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --access-code string        Quiz access code
      --anonymous                 Anonymous submissions
      --assignment-group-id int   Assignment group ID
      --attempts int              Number of allowed attempts (-1 = unlimited) (default 1)
      --cant-go-back              Prevent going back to previous questions
      --course-id int             Course ID (required)
      --description string        Quiz description
      --due-at string             Due date (ISO 8601)
  -h, --help                      help for create
      --hide-results string       When to hide results: always, until_after_last_attempt
      --ip-filter string          IP address filter
      --lock-at string            Lock date (ISO 8601)
      --one-at-a-time             Show one question at a time
      --published                 Publish immediately
      --quiz-type string          Quiz type: practice_quiz, assignment, graded_survey, survey (default "assignment")
      --scoring-policy string     Scoring policy: keep_highest, keep_latest
      --show-correct              Show correct answers
      --shuffle-answers           Shuffle answer choices
      --time-limit int            Time limit in minutes
      --title string              Quiz title (required)
      --unlock-at string          Unlock date (ISO 8601)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas quizzes](canvas_quizzes.md)	 - Manage Canvas quizzes

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 14-Jan-2026

Commit message:

feat: add --dry-run flag for curl command output (#21)
Add global --dry-run and --show-token flags that print equivalent curl
commands instead of executing HTTP requests. Useful for debugging,
learning the Canvas API, and building scripts.

Features:
- Print curl command with proper headers and body
- Token redacted by default, use --show-token to reveal
- Supports masquerading (includes as_user_id param)
- Multi-line format with backslash continuation
- Shell-safe single quote escaping

Also updates documentation with dry-run examples in user guide
and scripting tutorial.

docs/commands/canvas_quizzes_create.md, after:

---
title: canvas quizzes create
---

## canvas quizzes create

Create a new quiz

### Synopsis

Create a new quiz in a course.

Examples:

```bash
canvas quizzes create --course-id 123 --title "Midterm Exam" --quiz-type assignment
canvas quizzes create --course-id 123 --title "Practice Quiz" --quiz-type practice_quiz --time-limit 30
canvas quizzes create --course-id 123 --title "Survey" --quiz-type survey --anonymous
```

```
canvas quizzes create [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --access-code string        Quiz access code
      --anonymous                 Anonymous submissions
      --assignment-group-id int   Assignment group ID
      --attempts int              Number of allowed attempts (-1 = unlimited) (default 1)
      --cant-go-back              Prevent going back to previous questions
      --course-id int             Course ID (required)
      --description string        Quiz description
      --due-at string             Due date (ISO 8601)
  -h, --help                      help for create
      --hide-results string       When to hide results: always, until_after_last_attempt
      --ip-filter string          IP address filter
      --lock-at string            Lock date (ISO 8601)
      --one-at-a-time             Show one question at a time
      --published                 Publish immediately
      --quiz-type string          Quiz type: practice_quiz, assignment, graded_survey, survey (default "assignment")
      --scoring-policy string     Scoring policy: keep_highest, keep_latest
      --show-correct              Show correct answers
      --shuffle-answers           Shuffle answer choices
      --time-limit int            Time limit in minutes
      --title string              Quiz title (required)
      --unlock-at string          Unlock date (ISO 8601)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas quizzes](canvas_quizzes.md)	 - Manage Canvas quizzes

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026
