docs/commands/canvas_outcomes.md, before:

---
title: canvas outcomes
---

## canvas outcomes

Manage Canvas learning outcomes

### Synopsis

Manage Canvas learning outcomes.

Learning outcomes define what students should know or be able to do.
They can be organized into groups and linked to assignments, quizzes, and rubrics.

Examples:

```bash
canvas outcomes get 123
canvas outcomes groups list --account-id 1
canvas outcomes results --course-id 123
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for outcomes
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas](canvas.md)	 - Canvas LMS CLI - Interact with Canvas from the command line
* [canvas outcomes alignments](canvas_outcomes_alignments.md)	 - Get outcome alignments
* [canvas outcomes create](canvas_outcomes_create.md)	 - Create a new outcome
* [canvas outcomes get](canvas_outcomes_get.md)	 - Get outcome details
* [canvas outcomes groups](canvas_outcomes_groups.md)	 - Manage outcome groups
* [canvas outcomes link](canvas_outcomes_link.md)	 - Link outcome to a group
* [canvas outcomes list](canvas_outcomes_list.md)	 - List outcomes in a group
* [canvas outcomes results](canvas_outcomes_results.md)	 - Get outcome results
* [canvas outcomes unlink](canvas_outcomes_unlink.md)	 - Unlink outcome from a group
* [canvas outcomes update](canvas_outcomes_update.md)	 - Update an outcome

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 14-Jan-2026

Commit message:

feat: add --dry-run flag for curl command output
Add global --dry-run and --show-token flags that print equivalent curl
commands instead of executing HTTP requests. Useful for debugging,
learning the Canvas API, and building scripts.

Features:
- Print curl command with proper headers and body
- Token redacted by default, use --show-token to reveal
- Supports masquerading (includes as_user_id param)
- Multi-line format with backslash continuation
- Shell-safe single quote escaping

Also updates documentation with dry-run examples in user guide
and scripting tutorial.

docs/commands/canvas_outcomes.md, after:

---
title: canvas outcomes
---

## canvas outcomes

Manage Canvas learning outcomes

### Synopsis

Manage Canvas learning outcomes.

Learning outcomes define what students should know or be able to do.
They can be organized into groups and linked to assignments, quizzes, and rubrics.

Examples:

```bash
canvas outcomes get 123
canvas outcomes groups list --account-id 1
canvas outcomes results --course-id 123
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for outcomes
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas](canvas.md)	 - Canvas LMS CLI - Interact with Canvas from the command line
* [canvas outcomes alignments](canvas_outcomes_alignments.md)	 - Get outcome alignments
* [canvas outcomes create](canvas_outcomes_create.md)	 - Create a new outcome
* [canvas outcomes get](canvas_outcomes_get.md)	 - Get outcome details
* [canvas outcomes groups](canvas_outcomes_groups.md)	 - Manage outcome groups
* [canvas outcomes link](canvas_outcomes_link.md)	 - Link outcome to a group
* [canvas outcomes list](canvas_outcomes_list.md)	 - List outcomes in a group
* [canvas outcomes results](canvas_outcomes_results.md)	 - Get outcome results
* [canvas outcomes unlink](canvas_outcomes_unlink.md)	 - Unlink outcome from a group
* [canvas outcomes update](canvas_outcomes_update.md)	 - Update an outcome

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026
