docs/commands/canvas_users_list.md, before:

---
title: canvas users list
---

## canvas users list

List users in an account or course

### Synopsis

List users in a Canvas account or course.

Specify --account-id or --course-id, or uses default account if configured.

WARNING: Account-level user lists can be very large. Use --limit or --search
to avoid long wait times.

Account context (admin):
  canvas users list --limit 100           # First 100 users (recommended)
  canvas users list --search "john"       # Search in default account

Course context:
  canvas users list --course-id 123       # All users enrolled in course 123
  canvas users list --course-id 123 --enrollment-type teacher

Examples:

```bash
canvas users list --limit 50
canvas users list --account-id 1 --limit 100
canvas users list --course-id 123
canvas users list --search "john"
canvas users list --include email,enrollments
```

```
canvas users list [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --account-id int            Account ID (for account users)
      --course-id int             Course ID (for course enrollees)
      --enrollment-state string   Filter by enrollment state (active, invited, rejected, completed, inactive)
      --enrollment-type string    Filter by enrollment type (student, teacher, ta, observer, designer)
  -h, --help                      help for list
      --include strings           Additional data to include (comma-separated)
      --search string             Search by name, login ID, or email
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas users](canvas_users.md)	 - Manage Canvas users

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026

Commit message:

docs: add documentation for v1.7.0 features
- Add user guide for command aliases (docs/user-guide/aliases.md)
- Add user guide for context management (docs/user-guide/context.md)
- Add output filtering section to output-formats.md
- Update changelog with v1.7.0 features (unreleased)
- Regenerate command reference docs for new alias/context commands
- Update mkdocs.yml navigation with new pages
- Update user-guide index with new feature cards

docs/commands/canvas_users_list.md, after:

---
title: canvas users list
---

## canvas users list

List users in an account or course

### Synopsis

List users in a Canvas account or course.

Specify --account-id or --course-id, or uses default account if configured.

WARNING: Account-level user lists can be very large. Use --limit or --search
to avoid long wait times.

Account context (admin):
  canvas users list --limit 100           # First 100 users (recommended)
  canvas users list --search "john"       # Search in default account

Course context:
  canvas users list --course-id 123       # All users enrolled in course 123
  canvas users list --course-id 123 --enrollment-type teacher

Examples:

```bash
canvas users list --limit 50
canvas users list --account-id 1 --limit 100
canvas users list --course-id 123
canvas users list --search "john"
canvas users list --include email,enrollments
```

```
canvas users list [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --account-id int            Account ID (for account users)
      --course-id int             Course ID (for course enrollees)
      --enrollment-state string   Filter by enrollment state (active, invited, rejected, completed, inactive)
      --enrollment-type string    Filter by enrollment type (student, teacher, ta, observer, designer)
  -h, --help                      help for list
      --include strings           Additional data to include (comma-separated)
      --search string             Search by name, login ID, or email
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --columns strings   Select specific columns to display (comma-separated)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --filter string     Filter results by text (case-insensitive substring match)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
      --sort string       Sort results by field (prefix with - for descending, e.g., -name)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas users](canvas_users.md)	 - Manage Canvas users

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 25-Jan-2026
