docs/commands/canvas_overrides.md, before:

---
title: canvas overrides
---

## canvas overrides

Manage Canvas assignment overrides

### Synopsis

Manage Canvas assignment overrides for extending or modifying due dates.

Assignment overrides allow you to give specific students, sections, or groups
different due dates, availability dates, or other assignment settings.

Examples:

```bash
canvas overrides list --course-id 123 --assignment-id 456
canvas overrides get 789 --course-id 123 --assignment-id 456
canvas overrides create --course-id 123 --assignment-id 456 --section-id 100 --due-at "2024-03-15T23:59:00Z"
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for overrides
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas](canvas.md)	 - Canvas LMS CLI - Interact with Canvas from the command line
* [canvas overrides create](canvas_overrides_create.md)	 - Create a new override
* [canvas overrides delete](canvas_overrides_delete.md)	 - Delete an override
* [canvas overrides get](canvas_overrides_get.md)	 - Get override details
* [canvas overrides list](canvas_overrides_list.md)	 - List overrides for an assignment
* [canvas overrides update](canvas_overrides_update.md)	 - Update an override

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Jan-2026

Commit message:

docs: add documentation for v1.7.0 features
- Add user guide for command aliases (docs/user-guide/aliases.md)
- Add user guide for context management (docs/user-guide/context.md)
- Add output filtering section to output-formats.md
- Update changelog with v1.7.0 features (unreleased)
- Regenerate command reference docs for new alias/context commands
- Update mkdocs.yml navigation with new pages
- Update user-guide index with new feature cards

docs/commands/canvas_overrides.md, after:

---
title: canvas overrides
---

## canvas overrides

Manage Canvas assignment overrides

### Synopsis

Manage Canvas assignment overrides for extending or modifying due dates.

Assignment overrides allow you to give specific students, sections, or groups
different due dates, availability dates, or other assignment settings.

Examples:

```bash
canvas overrides list --course-id 123 --assignment-id 456
canvas overrides get 789 --course-id 123 --assignment-id 456
canvas overrides create --course-id 123 --assignment-id 456 --section-id 100 --due-at "2024-03-15T23:59:00Z"
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for overrides
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as-user int       Masquerade as another user (admin feature, requires permission)
      --columns strings   Select specific columns to display (comma-separated)
      --config string     config file (default is $HOME/.canvas-cli/config.yaml)
      --dry-run           Print curl commands instead of executing requests
      --filter string     Filter results by text (case-insensitive substring match)
      --instance string   Canvas instance URL (overrides config)
      --limit int         Limit number of results for list operations (0 = unlimited)
      --no-cache          Disable caching of API responses
  -o, --output string     Output format: table, json, yaml, csv (default "table")
      --show-token        Show actual token in dry-run output (default: redacted)
      --sort string       Sort results by field (prefix with - for descending, e.g., -name)
  -v, --verbose           Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [canvas](canvas.md)	 - Canvas LMS CLI - Interact with Canvas from the command line
* [canvas overrides create](canvas_overrides_create.md)	 - Create a new override
* [canvas overrides delete](canvas_overrides_delete.md)	 - Delete an override
* [canvas overrides get](canvas_overrides_get.md)	 - Get override details
* [canvas overrides list](canvas_overrides_list.md)	 - List overrides for an assignment
* [canvas overrides update](canvas_overrides_update.md)	 - Update an override

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 25-Jan-2026
